https://datasociety.net/output/oxygen-of-amplification/
strategies for dealing with radical and extreme political movements online.
These people have been working hard to develop strategies for using our systems
against us, how can we counter that? How should media change to not be so
accomodating?


http://www.creativeapplications.net/c/face-trade-art-vending-machine-that-trades-mugshots-for-free-portraits/
Visitors to the exhibit receive a unique, computer generated face, but are
required to "pay" with a mugshot that is permanently stored on the the ethereum
blockchain. What prices are asked of us in exchange for being permitted to
participate in our connected systems?


https://dribnet.bigcartel.com/category/the-treachery-of-imagenet
Fooling AI is a new hobby and seems pretty ripe for exploration. These are
systems we're getting ready to put in charge of things like driving, criminal
justice, and "military intervention" (killin'). wtf?


https://twitter.com/MrEmilyHeller/status/1041820105988956160
Subversive purse adds watermarks to everyone's images. :D Late stage capitalism
will eat itself.


https://phillipstearns.wordpress.com/glitch-art-resources/
Big list of glitch art topics.  Glitch art is rad. We've been futzing around
with breaking the idea of perfect, permanent storage for a long time. We
believe deeply in permanance and eternity, glitch art feels like it shows us
how close we are to that all just getting wrecked.


https://mattdesl.svbtle.com/bellwoods
Generative art javascript game, created for / inspired by the JS13K
competition: a game in javascript in under 13KB of code. More with less,
constraint in the form of deliverable size. Existing tools used to produce
things in new ways.


https://twitter.com/bjmay/status/1041833853852311553
Dude locked out of his house because his automatic doorbell cam saw an
unrecognized face at the door while the door was unlocked. The face was his
Batman t-shirt. More unintentional subversion of AI and connected systems. The
Internet of Things will kill people at some point. How do we feel about that?
If we compare it to something like driving, how comfortable should we be with a
few deaths for the sake of a lot of convenience?


http://www.naimark.net/writing/firstword.html
All new areas for exploration have a "first word" and a "last word". First is
opening the field, comes before rules have been defined. Last comes at the end,
when the rules have been finalized and perfection is a settled idea. Where am I
at in my own work? Where is the field of network-connected-physical-computing?
